v4.0.0 - Horizon 1.0 support (#488)
stellar/js-stellar-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## [v4.0.0](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/compare/v3.3.0...v4.0.0)

### Added

> - Add support for top-level offers endpoint with `seller`, `selling`, and `buying` filter. ([#485](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/485))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for top-level `/offers` endpoint with `seller`, `selling`, and `buying` filter. ([#485](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/485))
```

>   Horizon 1.0 includes a new `/offers` end-point, which allows you to list all offers, supporting filtering by `seller`, `selling asset`, or `buying asset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  Horizon 1.0 includes a new `/offers` endpoint, which allows you to list all offers, and supports filtering by `seller`, `selling asset`, or `buying asset`.
```

>   You can fetch data from this endpoint by doing `server.offers()` and use any of the following filters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can fetch data from this endpoint using `server.offers()` and any of the following filters:
```

  - `seller`: `server.offers().accountId(accountId)`
  - `buying`: `server.offers().buying(asset)`
  - `selling`: `server.offers().selling(asset)`

>   This introduced a breaking change since it modified the signature for the function `server.offers()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This new endpoint introduced a breaking change since it modified the signature for the function `server.offers()`.
```

  Before, if you wanted to list all the offers for a given account, you'd do:

  ```
  server.offers('accounts', accountID)
  ```

>   Starting on this version you'll need to do:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Starting from this version you'll need to do:
```

  ```
  server.offers().accountId(accountId)
  ```

>   You can do now things that were not possible before, like finding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can also do things now that were not possible before, like finding
```

>   all offers for an account filtering by the selling or buying asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  all offers for an account and filtering by the selling or buying asset
```

>   all offers for an account and filtering by the selling or buying asset

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  all offers for an account and filtering by the selling or buying asset:
```

  ```
  server.offers().accountId(accountId).selling(assetA).buying(assetB)
  ```

- Add support for filtering accounts by `signer` or `asset` ([#474](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/474))

>   Horizon 1.0 includes a new `/accounts` end-point, which allows you to list all accounts who have another account as a signer or hold a given asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Horizon 1.0 includes a new `/accounts` endpoint, which allows you to list all accounts that have another account as a signer or that hold a given asset.
```

>   You can fetch data from this endpoint by doing `server.accounts()` and use any of the following filters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can fetch data from this endpoint using `server.accounts()` and any of the following filters:
```

  - `accountID`: `server.accounts().accountId(accountId)`, returns a single account.
  - `forSigner`: `server.accounts().forSigner(accountId)`, returns accounts where `accountId` is a signer.

>   - `forAsset`: `server.accounts().forAsset(asset)`, returns accounts which hold the `asset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `forAsset`: `server.accounts().forAsset(asset)`, returns accounts which hold a given `asset`.
```

- Add TypeScript typings for new fields in `fee_stats`. ([#462](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/462))

### Changed
- Changed TypeScript typing for multiple operations "type", it will match the new value on Horizon. ([#477](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/477))

### Fixed
- Fix fetchTimebounds() ([#487](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/487))
- Clone the passed URI in CallBuilder constructor, to not mutate the outside ref ([#473](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/473))
- Use axios CancelToken to ensure timeout ([#482](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/482))

### Breaking
- Remove `fee_paid` field from transaction response. ([#476](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/476))
- Remove all `*_accepted_fee` from FeeStatsResponse. ([#463](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/463))
- Change function signature for `server.offers`. ([#485](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/issues/485))

>   The signature for the function `server.offers()` was changed to bring suppport for other filters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The signature for the function `server.offers()` was changed to enable support for other filters.
```

>   Before, if you wanted to list all the offers for a given account, you'd do:

Reviewer 2: I think we probably don't need this bit about server.offers repeated here. We explained this at the top already

Author: This was intentional, I want to put double emphasis
